Global: 

The global impact is that it makes communication easier, especially with longer messages. 
Allows anyone with a laptop to send detailed emails or converse with anyone with an 
internet connection and an account. The access to global communication through emails can
incoporate features that facilitate communication across different languages and cultures.
Such cases would involve breaking down the communication barriers and promoting understanding
across different regions and societies.

Economic:

One of the economic impacts that associate with building an email application is through
advertising and marketing. Email applications can be helpful in terms of delivering targeted
advertisements to other users across the world which can provide benefits in revenue for both
the developers of the email application and the advertisers that choose to utilize said email application.
In the case of this email application, we are making is a free app, meaning it costs nothing 
to create an account to send messages. Typically it costs 50-70 cents to buy stamps and a dollar 
to buy an individual envelope. When sending mail to multiple recipients this cost can quickly add up. 
With this app users' mail can’t get physically lost and if they don't receive a reply there isn’t any 
financial loss.


Environmental:

In terms of the environment, email applications can have a significant impact on energy consumption
and electronic waste. As Engineers, one of the ethical responsibilities that have is being able to 
design and develop an email application that is energy-efficient and minimizing their carbon emissions.
The environmental impact of Slug Mail will decrease the amount of paper used to send physical mail. 
Sending mail traditionally has indirect and direct consequences. Indirect emissions are caused by the transportation 
that the mail comes in. Physical mail is printed on paper. Deforestation contributes to carbon emissions which is the 
leading cause of global warming. Emails still contribute to carbon emissions but are significantly less than standard mail.

Societal:

In terms of the responsibilities that engineers hold when it comes to building an email application is
the widespread use of email applications and the spread of misinformation and privacy violations.
When building an email application, engineers have a responsbility to address these type of concerns
that are associated with their application to ensure that the email application being developed is not
used for malicious intent such as spreading harmful or false information. Additionally, Slug mail allows 
users to send an email at the touch of a button. This reduces the period of time between replies. 
This will allow people to make plans and meet up easily or force more conversations to be online 
rather than in person.